# YorkStockSim

## Trading Agents and News Desk

#### Overview

This version of [YorkStockSim](https://github.com/liaskos/itec3030-a1-lob/) uses an extended notion of Trader, that of a **TradingAgent**, which makes trading decisions (buy or sell) based on information that becomes available to them. Such information is generated by a **NewsBoard** object, an agency affiliated with the stock exchange, The **NewsBoard** object aggregates information coming from the companies that are represented by the traded securities. It gathers and propagates **Events** about those companies, including announcements, release of financial statements, etc.. These events may be good for the company (**GoodNews**), such as increase in earnings, which entice **TraderAgent**s to buy more stock of the company. Others may be **BadNews**, e.g., announcement of product defect or security breach, which make traders want to sell instead. Two classes of TradingAgents, **TradingAgentConservative** and **TradingAgentAggressive** react differently to such news: the latter (Aggressive) are more ready to buy or sell respectively at a larger quantities compared to the former (Conservative).

In the current design, a file with all the events of the next 30 days is read. A test method, **StockExchangeTest**, asks each TradingAgent to check to see if at the specific day a ticker on which they have a position has generated any news. If yes, they act according to their style (Conservative or Aggressive), otherwise they do nothing.

#### How to use for the assignment

- On GitHub, [fork](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo) this repository to your own account.
- Clone the forked repository locally.
- Create a branch for the first part called **a2-strategy** **and switch to it**.
- Work on the code copy and, once you are done, commit to the **a2-strategy** branch -- though you can keep committing throughout development.
- Subsequently, create a branch for the first part called **a2-observer** **and switch to it**.
- Work on the code copy and, once you are done, commit to the **a2-observer** branch -- though you can keep committing throughout development.
- Once you have committed your code, push to your github repository (the one you forked and have been working on all along).
- On eClass, submit a link to your github repository, in **both** text boxes where it is asked.

Please post any questions or issues on the "General News and Discussions Forum" on eClass.